Memories he used:

Cruel Sight (spear mode)
Cruel Sight (base, sword mode)

Prowling Thorn
Puppeteer's Shroud

Dark Wing - A transparent cloak that looked like a pair of dragonfly wings.

Blood Blossom - beautiful amulet in the form of a crimson flower

Broken Oath - A glistening gem made out of polished crimson coral

Abilities:

Shadow step + visualization - dropping into shadows, then moving inside with colour
Shadow wear powerup visualization - geo nodes

Blood Weave visualization - pulses across his body, starting at the heart / just red pumping in the place of his heart to be seen as a viewer


Try to visualize shadow essence inside - The color of shadow essence is black


Sunny:

He is a frail-looking young man with pale skin and dark circles under his eyes. He was unhealthily thin and pale, looking haggard in cheap clothes due to lack of sleep.[1] After surviving his First Nightmare, the changes in his physique were subtle but noticeable. His pale skin seemed a little healthier, his muscles a bit more pronounced. He looked slender and lean instead of emaciated and frail, as he did before. There was a slight luster to his dark hair and a shine to his eye.

Mordant mimic:

The chest was long and adamantine, its dark wood reinforced by strips of dull metal. It was large enough to fit an adult man. This creature has massive jagged teeth. It also has long and emaciated limbs, almost three meters tall which can manage to hide its bony flesh inside the fake chest. The chest was large enough to swallow a human whole. The treasure chest was wide and long, and its lid was flat. its joints seemed to be able to bend in any direction.

Dying mordant mimic:

losing its color, getting rusty on its steel part, as in it has some terrible disease;
The wood was slowly losing its color, the strips of metal reinforcing it showed growing patches of rust. It seemed as though the creature was struck by some terrible disease. In a sense, it was… after all, the Broken Oath was currently destroying its soul bit by little bit.


Chain Worm /maybe:
It had a body like that of a snake, two powerful hands protruding from a human-like torso, a head with a long and toothy muzzle, and two leathery wings This creature feeds on metal.

Island's & surroundings:

Shipwreck island (descending)
at least 10km HCH in between
Twisted Rock

The tear
heavenly chain
heavenly chain - rusted

the Crushing - visualization



The Twisted Rock… was a dreadful and miserable place. 
The island was rather small, and all of its surface was nothing but an uneven expanse of dark stone. That stone, however, looked really strange. It was as if once, a long time ago, it had been melted by unimaginable heat and then abruptly solidified again, creating strange shapes and swirls. 
…Here and there, blackened bones protruded from the molten stone, telling the tale of countless humans and beasts who had drowned in that scorching inferno. The sight of them was eerie and disturbing, like something torn from the actual hell. 

Shipwreck island: 

At the very heart of this desolate island, a large wooden ship lay broken on the ground. Unlike how it was with the other islands in Chained Isles, the chain didn't simply disappear into the soil but instead led to a tall stone structure. Two massive pillars rose high into the sky, overgrown by vines and moss. The pillars reached for the sky, built for some unknown purpose. There were weathered steps cut into each of the pillars, leading all the way to the top. The downside of this island was shrouded in eternal shadow and something vast and terrifying was moving in it.


